# Tarot-Readings-
 Hello everyone :) My name is Ioanna and i'm from Greece. In 2019, i found a gypsy tarot deck in my mother's drawer, and i instantly knew what this is about. Ever since, i have been practicing tarot reading, from Gypsy chartomancy to Major and Minor Arcana and playing card decks readings. I have some experience on spells and spell jars too, but that is a different story! Ever since i was little, i had this intuition, this gut feeling if you must. One personal story of mine, which i never shared along the way, is that the morning of the day my grandpa passed away in 2018, i knew it was coming. I cried all morning, being completely sure it was the day. I knew instantly This way, tarot readings came into my life, and while practicing all these years, i came to the realization that the cards are powerful tools, full of energy, for understanding and reflection of the human experience. Through tarot readings, i have found a way to offer clarity, support, explanation and guidance to those who seek it. It is a form of self-growth and i really believe we are all in this together. We are living through difficult times, and i want to contribute on this site as a fellow reader. At first, i was skeptical: Do i really want to make a ''profit'' off of readings, basically off of other people need of guidance? Not at all. But since i am experiencing economy issues myself, i decided to give it a try and be there for those who might need my help, even if you have i have to sacrifice some of my ethics. Every reading i provide is a personal energy centering experience for both me and the client. A chance to connect, to understand and bring some clarity and moment of insight to your journey. It's not about foretelling a fixed or certain future, it is about gaining insight into where we stand today, acknowledging the moments that have shaped us, and discovering the paths that may lead us toward a more meaningful and bright tomorrow. This is the reason behind what i do, and i feel truly grateful to share this journey with you. I honestly and genuinely seek to offer and receive the kindest and warmest approach.   
 
 For more Information, please feel free to reach out! Ask for a first free reading! (Limit of 3 Free readings)  

* Free Readings * : 3 Pulled cards, shuffling 3 times (Intuitive pop-up cards), 2 Follow up questions
* Readings with a tip of amount of your choice * : 6 Pulled cards, Multiple shuffles as energy "allows", 4 follow up questions
* 5$ Readings * : 9 Pulled cards, Multiple shuffling as energy "allows", Choice of Video/Voice Call while reading, 8 follow up questions + 2 free Yes OR No questions for whenever you please 
* 10$ Readings* : Full Complex Reading -Usually 15 Cards pulled- + 1 Free (9 cards pulled), Choice of Video/Voice Call while reading, Up to 8 follow up questions (Due to complexicity of the reading) + 5 Yes or No questions whenever you please + You choose which card deck to use between Minor and Major Arcana- Gypsy Tarot by Lady Lorelei- Classic Playing Card Deck 
